scripts: add script to download relevant files for stdcm request rerun (#13204)
OpenRailAssociation/osrd: core/stdcm_debugging_tips.md

Here's some tips to debug STDCM requests.

It may be tedious, as we explore a very large graph and we make assumptions during the exploration that are only checked at post-processing.
It's essential to reliably reproduce requests in a local environment.

## Get requests payloads and other files

First, we need to get the relevant files. To run an stdcm request, core has actually 3 "inputs":
1. The infrastructure used

> 2. The timetable, containing all trains to avoid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The timetable, containing all the trains to avoid
```

> 3. The actual payload, containing train data and the requested path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The actual payload, containing the train data and the requested path
```

First, find the relevant trace on datadog (editoast trace named "stdcm").
Copy all its span attributes as json (button "click to copy" next to the attributes).

Then run the script with the editoast url for the correct environment. For prod, cookies need to be set.
You may also want to set output file name and timetable directory.
Paste the span attributes there.

If all goes well, it should create a timetable file in the timetable folder, as well as a core request file.

Note: datadog is only usable for requests in prod. For local setups, it would appear in jaeger instead.
It doesn't have an easy "copy everything" button so it's not as straightforward.
The script can also take just the "editoast input payload" as input, but then the infra and timetable
IDs need to be set as cli parameters.

## Reproduce request payloads

`java -jar build/libs/osrd-all.jar reproduce-request --stdcm-payload-path stdcm_payload.json --railjson france.json --timetable-dir timetable_directory`

Inputting the infra is optional, if not specified we fetch the infra from a locally running editoast. But the infra_id needs to be correct in the request payload.

> The timetable file is technically optional as well, as a fallback it would be downloaded from editoast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timetable file is optional for local environments, as it will be downloaded from editoast as a fallback.
```
